Let's start with defining success, okay.
How are we going to judge
the success of our campaign and
the validity of our business idea.
We have a lot of different options
of how we could do this, all right?
And to a large degree, it's going to be
down to what your comfortable with and
what you feel is appropriate to
your particular audience, right?
So I'm gonna show you all the various
options that I've ever used doing this and
I will leave it to you to make a judgment
call of what you feel is most appropriate.
One approach is the stay
informed approach, right?
So they head to the landing page and
they hit the landing page.
It tells them all about the product,
everything that you're gonna do,
all the cool stuff that
it's gonna involve.
And then your call to action is follow for
developments of whatever
the product name is.
And something like you'll get regular
updates you'll get early access and
you'll get heavy discount
when the things launched.
So our call to action is sign up for
a mailing list, right?
Now, although this approach does
provide a general sense of someone's
interest in the app, it obviously
doesn't indicate whether they actually
would part with money if
push came to shove, right?
We can put the price of what
the product will be on the page and so
that will give you some indication
because if people aren't signing
up even to find out about it,
then price might well be a factor.
But it's got limits to
it fairly obviously.
However, what it does give us is
an opportunity to nurture that lead
that person that fills
in their email address,
hopefully to encourage them to
actually buy at the end of it, right?
So it's kind of the worst option
from accurately giving you
a sense of how much this could work,
right?
But the almost the best
option in terms of nurturing
an audience that we can sell to later.
So typically, I would use this
approach if I had an audience that
was hypersensitive to any kind of
feeling of being manipulated or
were a super cynical audience.
I'd probably use approach if I'm
being honest with developers, for
example, right?
You guys are very savvy,
you're very switched on,
you're very aware of things like dark
patterns and you're quite opinionated
about certain stuff and
how you feel the web should work.
So it probably would be my preferred
approach with a group like you.
There is a second approach, however, that
I would be willing to use with developers
that I think would work which is
the waiting list approach, right?
So in this case,
we are basically saying join the waiting
list as we gradually roll out the product.
Now, in truth that's creates this
high sense of demand, right?
Makes you think that the product
has been super popular, so
they're having to roll out the design
slowly, which is, you could argue,
a little deceptive as you haven't even
started to build it yet, all right?
So as you can see, there is a moral
element here of what you feel you're
comfortable with in the situation.
But it does still allow you
to nurture the lead, right?
Once someone signs up for the mailing
list, you can still follow up, but
you could consider it, as I said,
to be slightly less honest about
the state of the app and where it's at.
Now, another option is what I call
the fake order approach, right?
So in this scenario,
what we're gonna do is we're
gonna show it as if it is a real app,
right?
With a real product that's been launched,
and we'll have a message like buy
today for X amount, access all
the features, secure early bird pricing,
buy now for 20% off all the normal
things you'd expect to see.
And then when someone clicks
on that buy now button,
it'll say something along the lines
of unfortunately this has not yet
been completed and
we will be ready to launch soon.
And you may then want to continue
with follow up action of.
But you can sign up to our mailing list to
be informed when it goes live if you want,
right?
Now offering the user option to buy.
But then when you click yeah,
you can form to sign up instead.
It gives the most accurate of the buying
experiences because someone is thinking
they're actually really going to buy in
there clicking on a button that says I am
buying, right?
But obviously it could
alienate some audiences.
It's like wow, I thought it was buying and
now it's I'm not and
so you could pay people
off in that process.
So it's a judgement call, it's difficult.
You will have got to know your audience
by then and whether you feel that's
appropriate and whether you
feel it's something you can do.
There is a final option,
which in some ways is more honest and
straightforward with people.
But you might be uncomfortable with it for
other reasons,
which is the preorder approach, right?
So in this, we say, preorder today and
save x amount to encourage people to do
it and they actually enter their
credit card information and
that they preordered the product.
The money isn't taken just to be clear and
we would need to make this clear on
the landing page, the money is not
taken from their account, right?
It's literally preordered, okay?
Gumroad, for example,
supports this functionality.
So you're not taking money from people
because if you take money from people,
then they'll start moaning if you're
not faster enough turning around.
It turns into Kickstarter
basically in crowdfunding,
which I will come onto in a minute.
So I'm not suggesting that, but
what it does give you is a very
accurate because they are committing
to a sale now, right?
Now, yes, they could write to you and
cancel their preorder later and
fair enough but essentially,
it's as realistic as you can possibly get.
So you're allowing users to preorder
a product normally for a heavy discount.
I think it, you've got to, in some way
offset the fact that they're not gonna get
the product now in order to create
the most realistic results.
So offering a heavy discount is a way
of kind of balancing that to get
you a best idea of sales.
So it offers an actual buying experience,
although the level will probably be
a little lower than it would normally,
depending on how big the discount is,
right?
So you can see how there are kind
of different options of doing it.
And there are pros and
cons to these different options.
I'm actually, I'm very torn over it.
I can't quite work out how I feel about
this one to be entirely honest with you.
And every time I do this test,
I kind of go back and
forth about what I'm comfortable with.
Which is why I'm a bit reluctant to
give you my advice here because I'm not
100% sure I'm sure of my advice.
I think in many ways the preorder
option is quite a good one because
it's upfront it says that it's not
ready yet doesn't claim anything else.
It's probably the most accurate because
it most replicates a real sale.
And so, it feels like the most honest
approach to me at the moment but
ask me again tomorrow and
I might feel differently, yeah.
>> I personally love preorders.
>> Right.
>> But I'm an early adopter.
>> Yeah.
>> For me,
I feel like I'm getting in on something.
>> Yeah.
>> Before everybody else does.
And yeah, sometimes I feel like God,
when am I ever gonna get that
thing that I just preordered?
>> Yeah.
>> But I'm also wondering, are you
suggesting also you could test all of
these
>> You could do if you want to test.
>> For each one of them?
>> Yeah, it depends on how much effort
you wanna put into the test campaign, but
you could, yeah, you can run the order.
>> You could collect a lot of
information from all of them, right?
>> Yeah, absolutely.
>> So for the person like me who likes
preordering versus somebody else who is
like, no,
I just wanna be on the mailing list.
>> Yeah.
>> You're still getting both.
>> Yeah, absolutely snd that's up to you.
What you wouldn't be able to do is all of
those things on a single landing page.
You'd have to have multiple landing pages.
But yeah, absolutely.
I mean, there is one other option,
of course, which is crowdsourcing, right?
So you could use a platform
like Kickstarter or
Indigo as an option, I'm not a fan
of that, if I'm honest with you.
I'm not a fan of it for
a couple of reasons.
Reason number one,
is that I don't like taking people's money
before I've got something to
actually give them, right?
And I've seen a lot of Kickstarter
campaigns go horribly wrong,
because people felt like
they've been ripped off and
that it's been a con and
all of the rest of it.
So personally, I'm not a fan
of it from that point of view.
The other problem that
I've got with them is that
it's not solving
the fundamental problem of,
Having a sustainable way of
targeting your audience, right?
If you're using a crowdfunding platform,
you're primarily using
that crowdfunding platform as your lead
generator, as your customer generator.
Now, you can use other methods as well,
but
it skews your results and
gives a bit of a false impression of,
whether you've got a sustainable business,
in my opinion anyway.
Finally as well, those platforms do
tend to be err towards physical products
with manufacturing costs associated
with them rather than digital products.
So I probably wouldn't recommend that.
But I'm not, if you could get it to
work for you, knock yourselves out but
that's just been my experience.